Clarify framer-specific message properties (#972)
ietf-tapswg/api-drafts: draft-ietf-taps-interface.md

#### Framing Meta-Data {#framing-meta}

When sending Messages, applications can add Framer-specific
properties to a MessageContext ({{msg-ctx}}).
In order to set these properties, the `add` and `get` actions
on the MessageContext take an additional framer parameter.

~~~
MessageContext.add(framer, property, value)
PropertyValue := MessageContext.get(framer, property)
~~~

> 

Author: @philsbln can you propose text for how we can prepend the name of the framer as a namespace for the properties we add/get.

> properties to a MessageContext ({{msg-ctx}}).
> In order to set these properties, the `add` and `get` actions
> on the MessageContext take an additional framer parameter.
> 
> ~~~
> MessageContext.add(framer, property, value)
> PropertyValue := MessageContext.get(framer, property)
> ~~~
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
properties to a MessageContext ({{msg-ctx}}).
In order to set these properties, use the `add` and `get` actions
on the MessageContext. To avoid naming conflicts, the property names SHOULD be prefixed with a namespace referencing the framer implementation or the protocol it implements as described in {{property-names}}. 

~~~
MessageContext.add(property, value)
PropertyValue := MessageContext.get(property)
~~~

```

Author: ```suggestion
properties to a MessageContext ({{msg-ctx}}).
In order to set these properties, the `add` and `get` actions
on the MessageContext. To avoid naming conflicts, the property
names SHOULD be prefixed with a namespace referencing the
framer implementation or the protocol it implements as described
in {{property-names}}. 

```
